Tidy up of CHANNEL resource (#1673)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Channel.md

| icon_url?       | string | url of footer icon (only supports http(s) and attachments) |
| proxy_icon_url? | string | a proxied url of footer icon                               |

> info
> The `proxy_icon_url` attribute should not be specified when sending an embed. If provided, it will be ignored.

###### Embed Field Structure

| Field   | Type    | Description                                                                                                      |
| ------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name    | string  | name of the field                                                                                                |
| value   | string  | value of the field                                                                                                |

> | inline? | boolean | whether or not this field should display inline. The default is to render this inline if not specified. |

Reviewer: This suggestion may need some better wording, so please take it with a grain of salt
```suggestion
| inline? | boolean | whether or not this field should display inline. By default, the field will not be rendered inline unless specified. |
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17960496/82755552-e515d280-9ddc-11ea-98ad-3c6770196a4a.png)

## Trigger Typing Indicator % POST /channels/{channel.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object}/typing

Post a typing indicator for the specified channel. Generally bots should **not** implement this route. However, if a bot is responding to a command and expects the computation to take a few seconds, this endpoint may be called to let the user know that the bot is processing their message. Returns a `204 No Content` on success. Fires a [`TYPING_START`](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/typing-start) Gateway event.

## Get Pinned Messages % GET /channels/{channel.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object}/pins

Returns all pinned messages in the channel as an array of [message](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object) objects.

## Add Pinned Channel Message % PUT /channels/{channel.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object}/pins/{message.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object}

Pin a message in a text channel. Requires the `MANAGE_MESSAGES` permission. Returns a `204 No Content` on success.

> info

> > The maximum number of pinned messages per text channel is currently set to 50.

Reviewer 2: news channels too

> Pin a message in a text channel. Requires the `MANAGE_MESSAGES` permission. Returns a `204 No Content` on success.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pin a message in a text or news channel. Requires the `MANAGE_MESSAGES` permission. Returns a `204 No Content` on success.
```
needs to be updated here too

> info

> > The maximum number of pinned messages per text channel and news channel is currently set to 50.

Reviewer 2: maybe just leave it as "per channel" tbh? saying the isn't really necessary, as there are no different limits for other channel types

```suggestion
> The maximum number of pinned messages per channel is currently set to 50.
```
